docs/source/pytplot.rst, before:

PyTplot
=======

Tplot Variables
----------------

.. autofunction:: pytplot.get_data
.. autofunction:: pytplot.store_data
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_names
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tnames

Arithmetic
----------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.add
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.subtract
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.multiply
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.divide

Add Across Columns
------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.add_across

Average over time
-----------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.avg_res_data

Clean Spikes
------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.clean_spikes

Clip Data
---------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.clip

Crop Data
---------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.crop

Deflag Data
-----------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.deflag

Degap Data
----------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.degap

Derivative
----------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.derive

Dynamic Power Spectrum
----------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.dpwrspc

Flatten Data
------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.flatten

Interpolate through NaN values
------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.interp_nan

Join/Split Data
---------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.join_vec
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.split_vec

Make a data gap
------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.makegap

Power Spectrum
--------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.pwr_spec

Subtract Average/Median
-----------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.subtract_average
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.subtract_median

Vector Dot/Cross Products
-------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tdotp
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tcrossp

Dynamic Power Spectrum of Tplot variable
-----------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tdpwrspc

Time Clip
---------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.time_clip

Interpolate Tplot Variables
---------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tinterp

Km to/from Earth Radii unit conversion
--------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tkm2re

Normalize to unit vectors
--------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tnormalize

Power Spectrum of Tplot variable
--------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tpwrspc

Smooth Data
-----------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tsmooth


Spectrum Multiplication
-----------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.spec_mult


Plotting
--------

.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot

Per-Variable Plot Options
-------------------------

.. autofunction:: pytplot.options

"Global" plot options
---------------------

.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_options

Commit message:

Add information to the coords and pytplot nodes; add a header to omni section to render more consistently with other nodes

docs/source/pytplot.rst, after:

PyTplot
=======

PyTplot (as implemented by the pytplot-matplotlib-temp PyPI package) can be thought of as a companion package to PySPEDAS.  (In the future,
pyspedas will absorb the PyTplot tools and it will no longer have this
external dependency.

Some of the most useful and frequently used pytplot utilities are
documented below:


Tplot Variables
----------------

.. autofunction:: pytplot.get_data
.. autofunction:: pytplot.store_data
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_names
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tnames

Arithmetic
----------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.add
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.subtract
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.multiply
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.divide

Add Across Columns
------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.add_across

Average over time
-----------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.avg_res_data

Clean Spikes
------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.clean_spikes

Clip Data
---------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.clip

Crop Data
---------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.crop

Deflag Data
-----------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.deflag

Degap Data
----------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.degap

Derivative
----------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.derive

Dynamic Power Spectrum
----------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.dpwrspc

Flatten Data
------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.flatten

Interpolate through NaN values
------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.interp_nan

Join/Split Data
---------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.join_vec
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.split_vec

Make a data gap
------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.makegap

Power Spectrum
--------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.pwr_spec

Subtract Average/Median
-----------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.subtract_average
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.subtract_median

Vector Dot/Cross Products
-------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tdotp
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tcrossp

Dynamic Power Spectrum of Tplot variable
-----------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tdpwrspc

Time Clip
---------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.time_clip

Interpolate Tplot Variables
---------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tinterp

Km to/from Earth Radii unit conversion
--------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tkm2re

Normalize to unit vectors
--------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tnormalize

Power Spectrum of Tplot variable
--------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tpwrspc

Smooth Data
-----------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.tsmooth


Spectrum Multiplication
-----------------------
.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_math.spec_mult


Plotting
--------

.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot

Per-Variable Plot Options
-------------------------

.. autofunction:: pytplot.options

"Global" plot options
---------------------

.. autofunction:: pytplot.tplot_options
