docs/source/rbsp.rst, before:

Van Allen Probes (RBSP)
========================================================================
The routines in this module can be used to load data from the Van Allen Probes (RBSP) mission.


Electric and Magnetic Field Instrument Suite and Integrated Science (EMFISIS)
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.emfisis

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   emfisis_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.emfisis(trange=['2018-11-5/10:00', '2018-11-5/15:00'], datatype='magnetometer', level='l3', time_clip=True)
   tplot(['Mag', 'Magnitude'])

.. image:: _static/rbsp_emfisis.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder




Electric Field and Waves Suite (EFW)
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.efw

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   efw_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.efw(trange=['2015-11-5', '2015-11-6'], level='l3')
   tplot(['efield_in_inertial_frame_spinfit_mgse', 'spacecraft_potential'])

.. image:: _static/rbsp_efw.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder




Radiation Belt Storm Probes Ion Composition Experiment (RBSPICE)
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.rbspice

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   rbspice_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.rbspice(trange=['2018-11-5', '2018-11-6'], datatype='TOFxEH', level='l3')
   tplot('rbspa_rbspice_l3_TOFxEH_proton_omni_spin')
   # calculate the pitch angle distributions
   from pyspedas.rbsp.rbspice_lib.rbsp_rbspice_pad import rbsp_rbspice_pad
   rbsp_rbspice_pad(probe='a', datatype='TOFxEH', level='l3')
   tplot(['rbspa_rbspice_l3_TOFxEH_proton_omni_spin',
          'rbspa_rbspice_l3_TOFxEH_proton_omni_0-1000keV_pad_spin'])

.. image:: _static/rbsp_rbspice.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder



Energetic Particle, Composition, and Thermal Plasma Suite (ECT) - MagEIS
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.mageis

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   mageis_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.mageis(trange=['2018-11-5', '2018-11-6'], level='l3', rel='rel04')
   tplot('I')

.. image:: _static/rbsp_mageis.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder




Energetic Particle, Composition, and Thermal Plasma Suite (ECT) - HOPE
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.hope

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   hope_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.hope(trange=['2018-11-5', '2018-11-6'], datatype='moments', level='l3', rel='rel04')
   tplot('Ion_density')

.. image:: _static/rbsp_hope.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder



Energetic Particle, Composition, and Thermal Plasma Suite (ECT) - REPT
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.rept

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   rept_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.rept(trange=['2018-11-5', '2018-11-6'], level='l3', rel='rel03')
   tplot('Tperp_e_200')

.. image:: _static/rbsp_rept.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder




Relativistic Proton Spectrometer (RPS)
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.rps

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   rps_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.rps(trange=['2018-11-5', '2018-11-6'], datatype='rps', level='l2')
   tplot('DOSE1')

.. image:: _static/rbsp_rps.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder

Commit message:

Shpinx documentation updated. Added functions from rbspice_lib.

docs/source/rbsp.rst, after:

Van Allen Probes (RBSP)
========================================================================
The routines in this module can be used to load and process data (in case of RBSPICE) from the Van Allen Probes (RBSP) mission.


Electric and Magnetic Field Instrument Suite and Integrated Science (EMFISIS)
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.emfisis

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   emfisis_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.emfisis(trange=['2018-11-5/10:00', '2018-11-5/15:00'], datatype='magnetometer', level='l3', time_clip=True)
   tplot(['Mag', 'Magnitude'])

.. image:: _static/rbsp_emfisis.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder




Electric Field and Waves Suite (EFW)
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.efw

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   efw_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.efw(trange=['2015-11-5', '2015-11-6'], level='l3')
   tplot(['efield_in_inertial_frame_spinfit_mgse', 'spacecraft_potential'])

.. image:: _static/rbsp_efw.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder




Radiation Belt Storm Probes Ion Composition Experiment (RBSPICE)
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.rbspice

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   rbspice_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.rbspice(trange=['2018-11-5', '2018-11-6'], datatype='TOFxEH', level='l3')
   tplot('rbspa_rbspice_l3_TOFxEH_proton_omni_spin')
   # calculate the pitch angle distributions
   from pyspedas.rbsp.rbspice_lib.rbsp_rbspice_pad import rbsp_rbspice_pad
   rbsp_rbspice_pad(probe='a', datatype='TOFxEH', level='l3')
   tplot(['rbspa_rbspice_l3_TOFxEH_proton_omni_spin',
          'rbspa_rbspice_l3_TOFxEH_proton_omni_0-1000keV_pad_spin'])

.. image:: _static/rbsp_rbspice.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder

.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.rbspice_lib.rbsp_rbspice_pad

.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.rbspice_lib.rbsp_rbspice_pad_spinavg

Energetic Particle, Composition, and Thermal Plasma Suite (ECT) - MagEIS
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.mageis

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   mageis_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.mageis(trange=['2018-11-5', '2018-11-6'], level='l3', rel='rel04')
   tplot('I')

.. image:: _static/rbsp_mageis.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder




Energetic Particle, Composition, and Thermal Plasma Suite (ECT) - HOPE
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.hope

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   hope_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.hope(trange=['2018-11-5', '2018-11-6'], datatype='moments', level='l3', rel='rel04')
   tplot('Ion_density')

.. image:: _static/rbsp_hope.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder



Energetic Particle, Composition, and Thermal Plasma Suite (ECT) - REPT
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.rept

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   rept_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.rept(trange=['2018-11-5', '2018-11-6'], level='l3', rel='rel03')
   tplot('Tperp_e_200')

.. image:: _static/rbsp_rept.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder




Relativistic Proton Spectrometer (RPS)
----------------------------------------------------------
.. autofunction:: pyspedas.rbsp.rps

Example
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python
   
   import pyspedas
   from pytplot import tplot
   rps_vars = pyspedas.rbsp.rps(trange=['2018-11-5', '2018-11-6'], datatype='rps', level='l2')
   tplot('DOSE1')

.. image:: _static/rbsp_rps.png
   :align: center
   :class: imgborder
